Congratulations on finishing the data scientists nano degree program.
We're thrilled to see you here at the end.
You should be incredibly proud of your accomplishments.
You have mastered so many skills to get to this point.
From ramping up your communication skills and building better practices as
a software engineer to deploying machine learning applications.
We are so glad you invited us on your journey as you
move closer to becoming a sorcerer in the world of data science.
You now have an impressive portfolio of projects to show off.
Whether you will be using your new skills to take your business to a new level,
earn a promotion, or just to show off to your friends.
We applaud you for completing this program.
Use your new skills to take on the projects you only
imagine being able to do at the beginning of this journey.
Build machine learning into new applications,
and plug your findings and learnings,
and then share your data science skills with the community.
This was a challenging journey,
and you overcame every obstacle with your persistence and drive.
Congratulations.